fix: fix getitem by ellipsis (#467)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/fundamentals/documentarray/access-attributes.md

| Example                                      | Return                                                                                                                        |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `da[:, 'id']`                                | all `.id` from all root Documents in a List                                                                                   |

> | `da[..., 'id']`                              | all `.id` from all flatten Documents in a List                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `da[..., 'id']`                              | all `.id` from all flattened Documents (root, chunks, and matches) in a List                                                                                |
```
